This is a head-gum original.
We're all going to the theater.
You want to come?
No, I'm going to hang back.
There's a couple more things I need to do.
Alright, see you there.
I went to the mall pet store.
Set fucking salesman's like, what up?
What's your budget?
And I'm like, honestly, I don't know nothing about mall pet.
He said, I got the one for you.
Follow me.
Ooh.
It's too real.
Calm down me.
I don't need a windshield.
But then I see, I can't be on two wheels.
Ain't down the cash.
That's a hell of a deal.
I'm headed.
I'm found.
Who's up for the alley?
To the top.
In the street like valley.
Pulled up.
More than to the valley.
White walls.
On the wheels like me.
My crew is ill.
And all we need is two foot wins.
Got gas in the tank.
Cash in the back.
And a bad move.
The rest of my face.
I'm a lit nest.
Take that back for rock.
Kick gas.
I'm a man backstage.
You don't need a risk bag.
Don't.
Fuck a bus pass.
You got a moped, man.
She got my 288.
All right, carry it.
There we are.
Fums are using her dairy air.
Don't win up the west side.
We're touring the air stop by.
Pipe place.
Don't fish to a hula.
Don't tell.
She has her arms around your waist.
You're the barelysekin',
To your side.
Burn and see the cleaner.
Don't tell.
Don't know.
When they're on the streets,
call them me the просто.
I'm down town, show me it's what you get
Cause I'll never forget
Cause it's nothing yet until you're down town
Have you bought guest history in the making?
Brammercy Theater, New York, shitty?
That was all I had.
I spent $275 on that.
Three days, 14 hours.
But I can't do it all by myself, can I?
That was easy. That was easy.
Are you guys ready for some chaos?
Who do you think is the furthest person that traveled to be here tonight?
Oh, Sabrina! Oh my god, you came from Florida.
Happy to hit that you're here.
Sorry.
Um, I brought some friends.
You ready?
I picked these introsongs specific for the people.
Let's give it up for a mere schmoo-el-blumen.
You had a birthday.
You count on life.
You come back now.
You really don't mind.
You had a birthday.
Thanks.
Yeah.
Bad song, but I appreciate the warm entrance.
I would actually appreciate it if the energy got a little more poison tonight.
And we'll get there.
Yeah, worse than you had a bad day as intro music.
Retroactively cursing the night.
In a way. Yeah.
In a way.
Yes.
It's also a very mellow song.
I had to walk out to that and like,
mid-fist bump it fell wrong.
Yes.
Right.
Yes, you agree.
You think it's going to be as bad as I do.
So we are on the same page.
Major's killer.
Board people, board people.
Right?
Sure.
I guess.
What about the other person people, man?
I don't like this.
Let's bring it on our next guys.
All right.
Give it up for Jacob Penn Cooper.
Oh, wow.
Thank you.
Not bad.
I've been very long time ago.
But did you come from ready?
You go, ready?
You come from Kathmandu.
Go, ready?
You come from ready?
Kathmandu.
Here we go.
Oh, yes.
Yeah.
I resent that you didn't get up to greet me.
I figured if I keep doing that,
it's going to be 20 minutes of intro.
Yeah.
That's my fear.
Cool.
That was rude.
It was weird to be the second guy.
Is this for Jeff or first?
Yeah.
He asked me to bring out his drink.
You didn't even stand up to take it from me.
You just played Cottonite Joe.
And expected me to know the dance, which thankfully I did.
Yeah.
You were practicing.
We didn't talk about that.
Yeah.
And let's get our last guest for the first segment.
Marika Brownlee, the birthday girl.
Oh, my God.
That's how you greet it.
Yeah.
Let's show that in life.
Oh, my God.
Let's get this shit over with.
The girl.
What?
So negative.
Look at no live show for two years.
You say, let's do it.
We shot the video this week.
I've been in New York since last Friday.
Red Eye.
It shouldn't have taken you that long.
To shoot an MOS video.
I'm sorry.
I said, you don't have to take a red eye.
You came here a week early.
I read eyes what people important people in a rush have to do.
You have all the time in the world.
You could have left it noon four, eight.
Nobody cares for you there or here.
What are we all doing?
Goddamn.
Why do you listen to this show?
We sold out the grammar.
My God.
Pretty good.
Yeah.
Well, I guess we should just wax.
No.
No way.
You have to have prepared something.
You said you were worried the intro's would go too long.
You said I'm going to cut the socks off early.
I'm worried the intro's will go too long.
Now you're segments, but we have to fill time.
Sure.
By the way, seeing your soundboard is fucking perverted.
Yeah.
We we organization to it.
No, yeah.
That was easy.
If you guys could see how many sounds are on the board,
it would be really impressive.
Too many.
And I don't use half of them because some of them are bad.
Yeah.
Damn.
Damn you.
Back at it again with the wife.
You used that one a lot.
Yeah, I know.
You should you have like 80.
You used four.
It should be on.
But the ones you use a lot on one line.
Yeah, you're scanning.
It's like third row from the left.
They're all standing.
All different colors for no reason.
Well, I'd like, it's like synesthesia, right?
So for troll alone.
I was like, that's kind of like a light brown.
You know what I mean?
So I agree.
For the shots.
Sorry.
It was not the board.
And that grammar scene was under a flame top.
Yeah.
Well, Manhattan, right?
Cheers.
Let's get into the shit with everyone's bonds of the week.
Damn it.
I was once a week till the next James Bond is cast.
We're all going to pick a bond.
I really didn't prepare for that.
Really?
Yeah.
No, everyone else can go for it.
I've told everyone nothing.
The only people that know the segments are people that aren't here tonight.
So.
Right.
Yeah.
Bonds of the week.
Bunking.
Who cares?
Wesley Snipes.
It has to be British.
I don't listen to the fucking Joe.
Wesley Snipes is cousin.
Wesley Snipes.
Who's from Cardiff.
That's right.
Let's do Ray Fines.
So.
What's that?
Yeah.
What's in bond?
I haven't seen James Bond in probably 10 years.
It's been.
Yeah.
It's been like 15 years old.
No.
I thought it was Judy Dench.
Keesh.
I can't afford her.
She died.
Let's cut all of this out.
Yeah.
Keep looking.
What's the ejector button?
This show isn't set up to be a live show because so much of it.
That's how that's up to be a recording show.
It's mostly awesome.
Let's get the energy out.
Let's all.
Can we all agree?
One thing.
I only ask you this and then a couple other things.
We all stand up and we shake it out.
No.
How long are we into this?
Do we have a timer, Mike?
It's so bad that that is going to cause the audience to applaud.
Good.
They reset.
I think let's get into our first segment.
Are you guys ready?
Here we go.
Welcome to Ham or Spam.
No fucking way.
What do you mean?
Prepare it.
Yeah.
So the game.
You haven't even heard the rules yet.
Don't be mad already.
I know the rules.
Then why don't you explain it?
You're going to show us photos.
We're going to guess if it's Ham or Spam or playing for cash.
Right?
All right.
Lucky guess.
A hundred dollars for every ride.
A hundred dollars.
We owe you for every wrong.
Is that about right?
Very good.
He is.
He is obviously.
They're oddly good at keeping track of that.
Like, yeah, like eight minutes in.
You're like, all right, I'm here.
It's down 600.
Because nine hundred.
And it's always accurate.
Yeah.
Well, like that about you.
Let's put it to the test right here.
No buzzing in.
Just yell out the answer.
Ham.
It's ham.
I mean, yeah.
That would be a little harder than that.
Spam is going to be a little crazier, fam.
All right.
Jake is in the lead with a hundred.
He did edgy out.
Marika by one.
Thank you.
So I can hear we go.
Number two.
You want it?
You know what it is.
It's crazy.
It looks like pancakes.
That's spam.
All right.
Her wits is pulling ahead.
Cleaning house.
That is absolutely spam.
I was thrown off by the slices.
Well, that should be the dead giveaway that it's spam.
Here we go.
It gets harder.
Ham.
Really.
That's so pixelated.
You couldn't find a, like, a, a large bottle of either.
It's zoomed in for sure.
Yeah.
You're, you're looking for a sound.
What are you going to play?
It was a, it was ham.
She said ham.
Oh, it was spam.
I meant.
It doesn't fucking matter.
It's all content.
We have to put out a fucking episode next week.
So here we are.
Mike's recording.
We got Marie gets about round the on this axe.
We got Mike home at day on the fact.
What do we think?
Is that a different photo?
Ham.
Is it nice?
I saw it.
It's like part of your body.
I don't want to look anymore.
Ham.
Yeah.
I think that's ham as well.
That's correct.
That was ham.
Marie can Brownlee has $200 or $100.
Sorry.
Get in to myself.
Jake has $200.
Here we go.
I look at the door.
We can see the, like, the, I would spam.
Because she's a label.
Kind of showed up.
I named.
That's the hybrid.
Yeah.
300 to me.
All right.
Fine.
This is so fucked.
I'm not even getting paid for this.
I'll turn around.
All right.
Here we go.
That's, I think that's spam as well.
That was a shame for a scene.
I'll see you later.
And I know that you have a page around that's really successful for a
nab bug.
You don't need the money.
It's Moorika's birthday today.
Happy birthday, buddy.
Like don't let her win, but don't be an asshole.
I'm going to buy her something nice with my $400.
From the buyer's spam with your $400.
All right.
This might be the last one.
I hope I'm actually impressed.
Ham or spam.
Ham.
Really?
You have to look to make sure.
All right.
$200.
Let's see if we can get it on this last one.
This one's triple or nothing.
Here we go.
That looks like Mars.
Spam.
That's correct.
Very nice.
So you win with $500.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Always.
It's not the most.
It might be more.
You said it was triple or nothing.
You said like not really.
$200.
It's triple.
I guess.
You sure.
Somebody had Venmo's going to be so weird without looking at your history.
Like this guy sends thousands of dollars and then gets it back within an hour to a day.
What's this scam there?
What's the Spam there actually?
I'm just going to make sure that everybody knows.
Nice.
Thanks.
Can you just confirm?
That this is real?
Confirmed that that's Marieka's name.
Yeah.
500.
I got it.
No reaction.
I do Venmo people.
Yeah.
Unfortunately.
The only person who wasn't going to send money back was Caleb Heron.
And I'd be begging.
Yeah.
How fucked is that?
I'm not going to grove.
It sounds like you did.
Oh, I did.
You said I had to beg him.
Then you said I'm not going to grove.
Jake, I will eat your ass.
All right.
I should have started a timer because I don't know how long this shows.
That's blocked right there.
And there it is.
So we're going to 15 minutes.
We have five minutes to fill or we can move on.
What do you guys want to do?
I don't know.
That's like an internal process that you should go through as a host.
That's not a question that you asked out loud until my very good.
Yes, I know.
That's very fond of the week to get to this segment.
Oh, you're like, what should we do?
We could go back to bond to the week.
Yeah.
You did.
Which I guess was a spoiler.
What about Randolph finds the explorer who circumnavigated
the globe in 2012?
And I read his book.
Is he British?
Hmm?
Yes, he's British.
The one rule you had?
Yeah, no, he is British.
That's good.
Let's move on.
All right.
I was just joking.
I thought it would be funny.
Daddy, chill.
Oh, it's quick.
I think we should move on to our next segment.
Sure.
I mean, why are you asking us?
You told us that you...
Everybody.
All right.
For this next segment, we're going to need Jake and Marika out of here.
Would you tell anybody from the soundboard, but...
Finally.
Didn't have time.
So you want us to just get up and leave?
Why don't you get up and leave?
And if you could go find...
Yeah.
One of you knows.
I want to keep it a surprise.
Yeah, no, I know.
And you know who to get.
Yeah.
All right.
Thank you.
Let's take a look.
Do they know who to get?
Yes, they're right.
Let's do it.
Let's get the boy.
You're going to have to say their name.
They don't know.
Because he didn't tell.
Oh, let's get it.
Yeah.
They know.
Jake's saying, I'm here we go.
Please welcome Danny Sellers.
Johnny Miller.
Yeah.
George Saba.
Everybody.
Just get into it.
Get snowed in my head.
Start.
Get started.
Let's get it started.
All right.
This is so...
This is the boys.
This is the boys of Edgum.
Hey, man, brother.
Yeah.
Hell yeah.
I don't work there.
Yeah.
Well, you're, you're sort of canon.
I'm lower.
Yeah.
I'm hanging out.
And I like drink the spin drift.
Yeah.
And the cool it.
We got a company retreat.
I brought you guys here for a very special reason.
I'm really excited about it.
Are you guys ready to play a game?
Spam or Ham.
Here we go.
Welcome to.
Wow.
They love it.
Yeah.
This is Jeopardy.
So this is Jeopardy.
New York City Edition.
So every category you see is related to the big apple.
It was really worried it was going to keep going.
So this category is our Captain Sully.
All things Rockefeller.
Billy Joel's drafts.
Fair.
And midtown hidden gems.
I have to add a team.
Now.
Fair is cut this up.
Oh my god.
All right.
Here we go.
Are you guys ready?
This is for actual cash.
Every number you see on the board.
It's winter takes all.
But that is an amount of money that you could win tonight.
Are you guys ready?
How to do it?
Yeah.
You could say buzz.
Or no.
No.
Let's do something New York.
Thanks.
I don't want to play then.
What?
I'm not going to buzz in person.
That's the bar.
Yeah.
I'm so much worse.
Shit on the show.
I'll say.
Met.
All right.
Sorry.
I just touched New York sports.
All right.
Yeah.
Just say.
Met.
Yeah.
I'm walking over here.
Oh.
She and that child.
That's a buzzing inward.
You've never played a game.
All right.
Let's start off with the guest of honor.
Danny Sellers.
You control the board.
Let's go with my dog Sully for $200.
Captain Sully for.
Are you sure?
No.
All right.
Captain Sully for $200.
$200.
No.
Without fail.
Not even skipping a beat.
Johnny goes meds and smiles so earnestly.
Yes.
Johnny.
I feel like that's the year that movie that he was in released.
Well, he wasn't in it.
It was Tom Hanks.
Mm.
Is that right?
I also didn't answer.
Thanks.
Before you.
That was wrong.
Yes, George.
I didn't know there was a buzzer in there's an etiquette.
I think it's the year.
Oh, what is the year that it happened?
It's so close.
That's so close.
Anybody?
No.
Those are my two only two guesses.
Everybody else is taking a complete shot in the dark.
Yeah.
Here we go.
The correct answer was.
What year did Sully turn 58?
Nice.
Yeah.
I was about to say that actually.
That was, yeah.
Only one guess per round, obviously, though.
So for some reason, Johnny Villa controls the board.
You're clicking on a button that's a spacebar.
Instead of using the spacebar.
I think he could use the spacebar.
That's hard.
You know, because I have this one monitor here.
It's connected.
That doesn't even have my laptop.
The biggest button.
Yeah.
All right.
Johnny Villa controls the board.
I'll do fair for 200.
Really?
All right.
Fair for 200.
Oh, this is perfect.
A burger joint.
Johnny wouldn't dare step foot in.
Met.
This Johnny?
Yes.
Oh, Danny.
Shake, shake.
I want to give it to you.
Yeah.
That's a good one.
Mm.
Yanks.
Yes, George.
Uh, is it like something like in and out?
Because Johnny doesn't live on the West Coast.
You know what?
That's funny.
So I'll give you the cash for it.
But that's not it.
I've definitely never opened up to you about the burger joints I go to.
Okay.
Is it a burger joint called the burger joint?
Oh, wait.
Holy shit.
I actually think it is.
I'll still give that to you.
I'm here.
Where is burgers by honest chops?
No.
Do you guys ever go to burgers by honest chops?
Cool.
Is that a real place?
No.
I was like, I didn't think of it.
All right.
Weirdly, we got two winners that round.
Um.
Either of what you've got to tell the board.
Okay.
Yeah.
I'm trying to do without looking because my neck is starting to hurt.
There's been a lot of turning this way.
Yeah.
Midtown's gems.
I think it's one of them for 100.
Okay.
Here we go.
Midtown hidden gems.
A secret roundabout.
Pull out my Google Maps.
Yeah.
Can we have like a hint?
Is this like a street or an intersection or something?
Um, your hint is it's, uh, it's pretty gross.
Not a word.
That's not a word.
It's pretty awesome.
Oh, okay.
I'll go yanks.
Yep.
And Columbus Circle.
Holy shit.
Absolutely correct.
See, it's because it's because you lived here for so long.
Yeah.
It's because I think you don't know what secret means.
All right.
And again, you can't just touch that space bar.
Let's go.
Hidden gems.
Yeah.
Which I'm starting to think are I hitting it all?
I will say pre-bucking clue.
Yanks Empire State Building.
Um, incorrect.
Um.
Yeah.
No, because that's a tallest building almost.
It was the tallest.
And Columbus Circle is a huge circle.
All right.
Let's see the 200.
200.
Here we go.
Midtown Hidden gems.
A museum worth seeking out.
If you can find it.
Yanks.
Yes, George.
Is the moment, Midtown.
Go!
I don't, I don't know.
I don't know.
It is not, not kind of neck and neck.
You're just cleaning out.
I'm sorry to say it.
Well, because I was better that you said Danny was the guest of honor.
We glossed over it.
Sorry.
No, it's fine.
Um, you control the board.
If it's any consolation.
No, it is.
Uh, I'll take Billy Joel's drafts for 300.
Billy Joel's drafts for 300.
A tweet Billy didn't end up sending.
Is this the clue for all of them?
No.
It should have been.
Again, George is punching up Jeffery.
Um.
Uh, he's probably like, uh, touring in Chicago and he was going to be like,
I'm going to Chicago, stay to mind.
Uh, come see me at the bean.
Uh, November 4th.
Holy shit.
What is well, this was two years ago,
or last year, and so the show got canceled for him.
Um, here's the thing.
You guys have to get your answers because I forgot what I wrote.
Uh, uptown squirrel, and it's a picture.
Okay.
Nice.
Uh, would I change my answer?
Sorry.
Yes.
Yeah.
I'm so sorry for seeing rolling you right now.
I, you take your thing.
I'm so rude.
Uh, you go.
I feel like.
No, mine is not.
It's not good.
You have to say it.
Every second that goes by where you don't say it is worse.
Call me piano guy.
He was right.
Is that your final wish?
Yeah.
I think that actually might be closer to it.
I do not remember what I wrote.
Danny, Johnny, get your final answers in.
This is not how jeopardy works.
This is final jeopardy in a way.
Yeah.
In the middle of that.
I was going to say damn, what is damn about this party's kind of thick.
That also might be a Johnny, let's hear it.
I can't say right or wrong for any of you.
Uh, I think he wanted to tweet your perfect just the way you are,
but it was over the 140 character limit.
It wouldn't have been.
What is just sour the day at a stranger's bris, AMA?
I honestly feel like Danny was the close.
Yeah.
Johnny, you know I love you, man, but you got to step it up, man.
I'm not familiar with it.
This isn't a hard game.
It's just jeopardy.
It absolutely is a hard game.
Also, jeopardy is famously hard.
Yeah.
It's just jeopardy.
It doesn't make it easier.
Before you put your demented twist on it, it was already difficult.
Danny controls the board.
Oh, okay.
Oh, I like old dead white men.
All things Rockefeller 300, I guess.
And you're fucking all things Rockefeller 300.
Here we go.
Rockefeller's center.
Mets.
What is Rockefeller's center?
Why do you torture us?
Mets.
What is 30 rock?
Come on.
Gotta give me that one.
I'm not gonna give it to you, man.
You gotta earn your key.
Yanks.
What is Rockefeller's millionaire's heart?
I mean, that's not wrong.
That's wrong.
But it's the closest answer so far.
Danny?
Uh, what is Jay-Z?
The correct answer we were looking for is what is another name for John D. Rockefeller's
Pooh.
So, sort of a center of gravity.
There's no way this is going worse than you thought it would.
I thought you guys were gonna be going home with some serious key.
So much that I moved over money for my savings.
For this.
Here we go.
George controls the board for no reason.
Uh, I'll do, uh, I'm gonna, I want to redeem myself with Billy Joel Straps.
So don't go over that for 200.
Here we go.
Billy Joel Straps for 200.
I'll lyric Billy wrote down after a six hour delay at LaGuardia.
A Yanks.
Yes, Danny.
Damn.
It's still thick in here.
Ah, that's incorrect.
Again, all your answers are on the right.
The hell is this?
You looked at the board as if you were going to push the space.
No, you guys got a chance.
This is crazy.
I don't know enough Billy Joel.
400 people in the room and you are dead silent.
Give me nothing today.
It's Billy Joel.
He's sort of the Randy Newman of New York.
I almost had you come out to I love LA.
That's pretty good.
Yeah.
Instead, you did I had a bad day.
Because you had a bad day.
Any guess?
Any guess it probably won't be right.
We have to move on.
Or I'll just move on.
Here we go.
What is, but at least it ain't Newark.
Is that a real lyric?
It didn't make it into a song because he couldn't work it out.
You know, with the beats of it all, the rhythm.
Yeah.
In the rhythm of a fly.
I parked at LGA.
I'm a ballet kid.
Just next one.
Here we go.
I'm here to control the board.
Fair.
100.
All right.
Jake's favorite halal.
Fair.
100.
Jake's favorite halal.
Well, it was fair.
200.
It was a burger joint.
Johnny wouldn't dare step into.
Right.
What is halal guys?
In correct.
It's actually Sammy's halal in the East Village.
Is this a real place?
Yes.
We got to move on pretty soon.
So here we go.
One guess each for all of these.
We're going to do rapid fire.
Danny, you control the board.
It didn't really jose.
A song about losing power in Bushwick.
This is a real song.
No.
I mean, yes.
Wait.
It's not a draft.
It's a song he wrote.
So it's real.
It's a final draft.
Yeah.
But he didn't put it out.
Is that a screenwriting joke?
Don't touch me.
Anyone buzz in.
Walking in Memphis.
No.
It's actually.
I've seen the lights go out on wake off.
We don't know enough about you.
Yeah.
Wait.
What is it?
Why?
Faris spliced it in like I did it perfect.
All right.
We got to move on.
I don't know what else to say.
We're running out of time here.
Here we go.
George, you control the board.
All things rock a failure 100.
Oh, this is perfect for you.
A dish topped with a rich sauce of butter, parsley, and other green herbs and bread crumbs.
Yeah.
Yes.
Emily Nelson.
Thank you.
This is real money, right?
Word of the absolute weed.
That's a thousand dollars to George.
The word was oysters.
What was that a real weed?
Why is this a real one?
Everything else is like a dementive fucking dumbass riddle you came up with forty-five
minutes ago.
And then this real question and answer.
You just got to know to choose that one.
Yeah.
It's intuition.
I guess.
Absolutely intuition.
Here we go.
George control the board.
Wait.
You never showed the final answer.
I'm sorry.
Oyster's rock up.
Okay.
Yeah.
I thought it'd be funny if you press space bar and it was like Columbus.
I'm going to go with over two thousand dollars.
I'm going to do Sally for three hundred.
Sally for three hundred.
Doggy style.
Probably.
What is Sally's favorite?
Oh, I didn't buzz in.
Yes.
Uh.
Gangs.
What is Sally's favorite sex position?
Go ahead.
This is crazy.
He's doing really well.
How do you know that?
It's George Mitch with me.
It's in the movie.
All right.
George controls the board again.
Here we go.
Fair for three hundred.
A frank further with brawn enough for an entire bar.
This is simple.
Yeah.
He knows exactly what it is.
You haven't been to this place.
So I haven't been to a lot of places.
Anybody can buzz in.
Johnny and I have been.
Fuck.
That was a hit.
Johnny, you have to run with it.
That was easy.
Yes.
Johnny, where have you been?
I don't know.
I try to forget every time I hang out with George.
Let's go.
I got one from the audience.
Oh, yeah.
Is it?
Is it not raised?
That's correct.
All right.
Well, now you have to participate in the rest of it.
Because it's winter takes all.
So here we go.
It's feel free to yank or met.
You work here now.
Yeah.
That's our social media guy now.
All right.
You control the board.
Is broadcast of.
Rockefeller 200.
Rockefeller, all things Rockefeller for 200.
A man topped with a rich sauce of butter, parsley, and other green herbs and breadcrumbs
and baked or broiled.
Yanks.
Yes.
What is Rockefeller's Rockefeller?
That's absolutely correct.
You're just going on with, if you win.
Which I think it's actually impossible.
You won.
Well, let's see what happens in final jeopardy he might wager more than he's less these last two are triple or nothing
You still control the board
Midtown hens for a 300 midtown hens for 300 you can catch Johnny here on any given Sunday
Metz yeah, is it a bar called any given Sunday
Yanks yes
Johnny's house
Technically correct, but not with the answer Danny for 900. Yeah, yep, a tailor that is
Really specific and dedicated to making clothes specifically for Johnny
I'm gonna give you that one because it's actually
Tiffany's
Which is kind of a finger tailor soldier spy
Oh
Bigger tail is live in a Japanese, right? Like that's your ideal of a Tiffany's actually so feels like I'm also a little bit right if we
Gage up the thing you've already won quite enough George last one here we go the Hudson one under Captain Sully
Metz yes the Hudson River
I'm gonna give you that one Johnny it's actually what's Sully oh fuck
I
Forgot that I changed it
The right answer was what is Sully's favorite Kate, but you know I'll still give it to you Johnny this maybe next time we hang out
You won't forget it on purpose
This has been
This
George you could burn that I did send you a house dollars just now
I was any what's your Venmo?
You still haven't given it to me because you don't want me to have your personal information
I've been for a check
What's during is there like a chase near here?
Probably yeah, all right
You did send me a thousand dollars
Yeah, and you can bend on the other all right, are you guys ready for some more guests?
This is where things get hectic. I'm sorry to Mike. I'm sorry to the venue
I'm sorry to everyone involved do we even have enough mics? We do not we're gonna share God. We're gonna share
I thought it'd be fun to do a little New York versus L.A. Shabaz
Right because we have our office here in Brooklyn. We have our office in L.A. Let's pit each other against each other
Danny, you get over here. George you get over here and we're gonna introduce some more people here. We go
Everybody can we get
This is T.M. L.A. I'm not on it. It's it's shabby talk a mere George Danny now. Let's out fit
Johnny with a team
Let's do four on one
I can handle it. You saw how good I wasn't Jeopardy
Again
And the upstate fiend himself and you pile holy shit
We got pile
How did we afford pile we got Kyle bust down here via a gray-hound not I think
Jeopardy was not chaotic enough. I wanted to do this. Yeah, you guys have no people
Three mics we have no chairs one mic. Oh, oh, I'll very nice. Thank you
This is fanfieroo
All right, wow
Everyone here was surveyed about each and every so actually not all of you only some of you and some of you aren't even on stage
And we were asked specific if they were asked specific questions about your guys' personality you're knowing habits, et cetera, et cetera
And basically this is family rude. So top
314 answers on the board Danny can you just be my space bar guy?
It's a big it's a bigger responsibility
Oh my god
This is not how I wanted this to go really you didn't plan this at all. So how did you think it would go such a
Was a favor and how this is happening and let's do show question
So he's more than the space bar guy. It's a little bit more involved. Maybe yeah. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it
Ferris got this out here. I'll relieve you. I'll relieve you
You can they have set yeah three mics and we have one then yeah here take this one
All right, thank generous even on her birthday very nice. Let's go to one more time for Marie
Because birth
All right
Top three hundred and fourteen answers on the board name something sour about Andrew Pile
Can we raise hands? I don't know family feud works
You had a you buzz you buzz cool. Now usually it's one family and they they keep naming shit until they get three
X's and it goes to us so we can steal all right. Why am I explaining to the rules to you?
Buzz you somebody buzzed in you buzz in okay name something sorry about Andrew Pile his dog is a lemon
Liz lemon the dog. Okay. That's true. That's really good
Show me dog and then I'm not gonna hit it because I know that's not on the board
Best answer
Yeah a dog name lemon would have been the perfect answer
All right, can we can can we buzz can we all right buzz Pile is gonna go cuz it's about him. Okay, all right
Can I ask one thing yes? I showed up tonight and you asked me to be on the show
Like 20 minutes before it started my plan was what was the plan here?
Were you just gonna have this entire thing about me and me not be here? Yes, you were gonna be in the audience
And then I would probably you know me you do that sometimes
All right well okay earlier I walked into the room and he said you have a seller personality
So I'm gonna say personality
You know what I'll I'll give you that under this category
You're a little slutty
All right
All right, you guys now you guys control it right how does family if you're yeah they keep going until they get yes, all right
He's been addictive. I'll give you that under the category rich, but not happy
188 people yeah, that was the biggest audience answer these are real surveys
We should say they only ask a hundred people, but that would have yeah come up with you ask me about the rules of the game
We're playing on the show right all right no strikes keep it going
I'd say his jokes are very sour. They kind of put people in a very sour mood
Yeah, I'm gonna give you that one under the category kind of a red neck
And then Maria come down and turn take it home
I guess he's isolated up state so that's a sour way to be correct
He had a child because you're supposed to
That's not a good reason
All right
The next question is
What about a mere rubs you wrong just so
But yes, yes, that was yes, that was really fast. We should say you don't think about where do I start right?
Should we do like character like physical stuff or you want to be like all I think because I would do it like appearance
Yeah, sure
Let's go to here and swear
Oh, wait, no, that's actually his inexplicable
222 surveys
Yeah, okay, well, it's actually it's explicable because it's it's kind of you know
Um
All right, what is it final jet pretty or something going light and go down the line? Yeah, you go down the line or something
Yeah, I'm gonna go with his pants or way too tight today
Stained as well. That's incorrect, but it is true
You know what it is, I'm here. It's that you've been working out. So you kind of have that thick ass now
That's not true, but I'll take it as a comment
Is it our turner it's I know it's down the line, right? Oh, yeah, if you got it wrong. Yeah, it's three x's three x three technically
But the rules don't mean anything, so do you? Let's say I don't want to answer
Okay, and top four answers on the board something that rubs you wrong about him. You're just so
Oh, I thought something that rubs you wrong about yourself. Oh
I guess I find it hard to fall back to sleep after I wake up in the middle of the night
That is correct. Don't tell me more about my
That's not what the survey says
Down the line. Yeah, all right
Lately you're far you don't have to be like super
Let her let her have the mic. I am I am let her go on the top. No, I want to hear this
It's tough lately your farts are loud and smell
That might fall under the category
Can't work up to the the courage to propose to have it all
Those two those two things are related. Yes
I'm pushing her right in New York
All right, so this is perfect. Yeah, but you thought pile would be here and those were four really nice things. Yeah, anyway
Um
Damn
You guys are cold
Down her eyes when you answer
Um, I think sometimes your eye contacts inconsistent and like you you don't know where to look at me
Yeah, he's cold personally. Yeah, that's yeah, you know what the touch
That's
I'll give you the issues. I don't I can't see it and somebody else needs to be controlling the survey. This is so fucked up
And then yeah George why don't you Danny just say anything
I think his overall professional vibe
Home owning jackass
Hmm
It's kind of interesting
Because it's someone that I I consider you and I kind of close but seeing these all in a row. It's like
Yeah, where is the connection? Here we go
You didn't change the route on that top four answers on the board. What is Marty Michael's cross to bear?
Yeah, buzz in I'm gonna buzz yep
Okay, the show to exist. Okay
Marty started that one
Well, let me see if any of these categories fit oh shit
Fuck
Wait a second
That means it was unanimous
Let's see what it was
Yeah
That makes sense parents divorce
All right
All right, this is the last round last round
What is Johnny Villa done sexually oh nice
Buzz yes
Let's go what do you think Johnny?
You can be honest like parents are in the audience
Welcome to the villa's very nice
Oh
I'm also Johnny's boss, so this is really weird. I
I want to say to
It's now we're kind of really in it
Uh, anyway, so I want to say that there were some escapades had on my rooftop. Yes, that's correct
Sorry, do wait you said unethical non-managed me
Oh
All right
I'd like to rescind my previous comment because my parents are listening all right
LA you guys are doing this right? I feel like we got it so we controlled the boy
Fine, yeah, you don't control the board or whatever do that thing down the line
That's the one yeah, so we'll start with Andrew. Yep. You have no idea what you're doing. You don't know Johnny at all
I know I'm enough
Ooh
I would say most things he's done most things actually. Did you say erotic modeling?
Is it so correct?
No access keep it going New York
Let's say
What do I look like? I'm wing what I want to say knowing your parents I
Think you should still open up. They love it. I know it. I don't want to say anything to I'll say rimming and that's okay
In hopes that they don't know what it is
Notary public role plan exactly right
That was the other one I was gonna say
I don't want to answer this
Come on, it's your birthday
Shouldn't have beerees and I
Guess I'll go in the opposite direction. Yeah, some light smooch in
Spent a summer as a pool boy slash orl slid exactly right
My god well New York's obviously winning pretty heavily
But this brings us to our final round. Are you guys ready?
Yes, yeah
I
Forgot to create a final round
No, I did this is thing I had it on my other laptop and then because of the tech of the theater
We had to switch the laptops out. I see so
Let's just say New York wins
You there
Home court advantage
Everybody
Let's give it up
Interesting
We're still oh, okay. Yeah, wow
We are staying I thought the show was over on you not having the final round and I was kind of worried it was fine
It's just that was a curve ball today someone passed Johnny a Mike actually passed Marie for the Mike happy birthday. Thank you
Johnny
Jeff you told me
That I couldn't I wouldn't be able to wait for this segment so yes, really excited
You're pretty affable guy
Some people don't think so. Okay
What do you guys think you guys like Johnny
That wasn't loud enough
He has a knife
How much like
By a show of a round of applause right is they're kind of the right way to do this how much would you want to get in contact with Johnny?
Oh
Oh, please god no
Wow, you're oh
Is it also on the other computer? No, I have this one. Thank
Well you guys can wax while I find this
Now you guys know that this is not a bit. Yeah
Jeff is actually
So that's Johnny Villas actual phone number. Yeah, can we not do that actually don't text him but if you want to call him I'm I'm gonna leave take a picture
Yeah, you can call him
That's good
Take photos
That's actually let's have a contest first one to call him when that's really good
Yeah, we want to call him when's a hundred dollars. So everyone take out your phone
Actually, that's we got it. Do you have your phone? I do have my phone. Can you prove that that's actually ringing? Wow pick up
Yeah, K Dylan
From Des Moines. Oh, we got right there. Wow
So everybody take a photo of this. I'm gonna leave it up and we'll just see what kind of conversation
God here phone so broken
Dylan
I'm on I'm on with you now talk
Okay, well, that feels like a theater service issue. It's a real number
Anyway, hello 10 man
Oh my god, is that 10 man D 10 man someone named 10 man called you? That's my best friend 10 or he's in the audience tonight
Can we get a chance for Tanner? That's not a good example because you know each other
We need a stranger to call the number. Well, we got a we got a stranger to call. Yeah, and then we're technical
Dylan. Yeah, he's getting a lot of calls
I'm getting a lot of calls. Your phone is fucked up. Yeah, I'm reacting. I thought you were gonna be angry. I
Am angry, but you know, I do want the conversation
That's so dark
Full steam ahead
We have five or minutes. I think we should do plugs
Why what's that there were so many people that were on stage that didn't get a plug chance. That's true
It's just if we everybody got a plug and I'd be here the whole night. Why why for a live show are we doing this is you know
All I've had tonight is sour poison vitriol from the 20 of the people on the headgum team
And I'm not gonna fucking have it actually these people came to hear gold and you provided them mold
Wow
Wow, you think if 20 people are mad at you that we gave them the mold
Did you give them the 100% you gave them also you think gold is me saying my Instagram handle for these people to
Follow me after the show structure to work within you say a structure you didn't have final fucking family room
There's no structure
We say anything
I'm not gonna have it. Can we take you out to a lot of things? What's that? I don't think you have two laptops
You said you messed up because you switched your laptop, but we don't sort of blame over either way
Didn't have the final round. Yeah, I think you never had it right
You're mold
Yeah, you're fired
Really, yeah, oh my god. Yeah, you can technically do that
Weirdly the weird loophole
Yeah, of course like so many this company's structure. Yeah, fucking weird Sphere. I sure like God
I don't have any shares. Yeah, yeah, I divided them up freaking do that
Oh
No, wait that chant was broken. This is not a big start and I won't honor it
You miss that thought
Well, listen guys we got we got to get out of here, but thank you so much for coming to the first
Head-gump podcast
Right, this has been an unbelievable showing
I really didn't think we were gonna even sell out the floor of this show really yeah, and don't worry
We won't sell out the next one now that they've seen it right
Yeah, we'd have to go city to city. I think we can't do the same one twice
Don't tell your LA friends that it went this way because we're trying to do one in LA
We're also gonna add artificial laughter throughout so if you sort of hear that it's a good time and through AI
Yes, and let's remember to pick up the final rude
Brown
We have that on the show and on the day. Yes, and the can good. Well, there's one last thing I wanted to do
Rica you're 27. Yes, can we all sing happy birthday to Marika Brownlee? She worked so hard on this festival
Really slow. Let's do it uncomfortably slow
biryani
Happy
We're paying
You may
Thank you guys all so much for coming out with a wonderful show.
Many more ideally, and that's for Jack.
Let's feel this bottle out, let's get this bottle in here.
APPLAUSE
We're everywhere I turn to you, I...
That would say see.
APPLAUSE
So walk away with me.
I'll show you that.
APPLAUSE
That was a hit-dum original.